the ultimate B2B paid media
[Music]
strategy welcome back to a fresh episode
of Breaking B2B domcom I'm your host Sam
ding if you haven't yet why not join
thousands of B2B Legends enjoying my
weird newsletter for unusual B2B
marketing tips strategies SEO ideas and
case studies as well as fresh podcast
releases head over to breaking bb.com
and hit that newsletter tab so join me
today I've got Sylvio Perez sylvio's
founder over at ad conversion Sylvio
welcome to the show sir how are we I'm
doing good thanks for having me Sam
pumped to be here Legend no worries at
all looking forward to the chat so we're
gonna be diving into paid media and how
B2B marketers B2B Founders tuning in can
get to grips with it 2025 and Beyond we
going into things like what makes a
solid B2B paid media strategy some of
the mistakes you're seeing dealing with
B2B and SAS Brands day in day out on
their paid media what you should look to
prioritize how you can measure success
and scale this out a little bit about
tech stack and more so with that said
let's start with a nice open-ended one
what what is making what are you seeing
when it comes to a solid
strategy what's the difference between
between kind of absolutely terrible of
setup and what what makes an absolutely
killer
one so the thing the biggest thing is
like having some sort of strategy in the
in the first place like some sort of
thought process of how are we actually
connecting everything together uh from
the campaigns we're running on Google to
LinkedIn and then how are we then
corresponding that to some sort of
reporting and measurement and tracking
to just really understand like what are
we doing here in the first place I would
say that is the first and most important
thing is making sure that you have some
sort of documented approach strategy is
nothing more than a plan so what is your
plan how are you GNA actually approach
the the different ads and and campaigns
that you're going to run in terms of
more Nuance specifics I think for B2B
and SAS specifically having a full
funnel strategy and framework that you
can do your campaign planning off of is
much more imperative and like impactful
than a traditional model like tofu mofu
bofu that only really focuses on
awareness consideration and capture so
the the model that we propose and that
we use in our agency and that I teach
people in the academy uh in our building
a pay media program course is the five
stages model which basically is all
about breaking your campaigns into five
different buckets that then correspond
to different stages of the the buyer's
Journey so the first one is create
create is all around building brand
affinity and Trust so how can you build
brand affinity and Trust in a meaningful
way push your strategic narrative uh
draw the dotted line from your product
and their pain points to to your brand
and then capture is all around now how
can you convert interest from in Market
buyers accelerate is all around how do
you move deals faster to close revive is
all about bringing lost deals back into
the fold and then expand is about
driving more revenue from existing
customers so when you think about your
strategy from the five stages model it
just just from that one frame it already
opens up your mind to so many more
possibilities and opportunities for you
in terms of where campaigns could be
created and ads can have a potential
impact on your business so I would say
in terms of a strategy number one have a
plan some plan is better than no plan
and in that plan make sure you're taking
a consideration where the user is and
their buyer's Journey what are the kpis
of success for that specific stage so
what is the leading kpi what's the
lagging kpi what's the audience going to
be looking like in terms of actually
putting together that that plan who are
you going to be going after how are you
going to reach them on these different
channels what are the channels and then
finally is the offer itself what are you
going to be giving them on the other
side of the ad that they're clicking on
I feel like that could be a whole
podcast just alone like breaking
breaking that down but that's
a you tired of competitors ranking above
you on Google stealing traffic leads and
mind share from dream clients every time
they're searching for your services or
offers on Google breaking B2B we fix
that with our unusual approach to SEO
content marketing and websites we craft
B2B SEO strategies and websites for
Revenue not vanity head over to Breaking
bb.com to check our results pricing or
to book a call with
me we've got a lot to cover but let's
let's try and dive into that and can you
can you recap those those five points
the full funnel strategy I think you
said create capture accelerate expand
but I think I've missed one yep create
capture accelerate revive and expand so
it g cap create brand affinity and Trust
capture convert interest from in Market
buyers accelerate move deals faster
revive bring them back expand drive more
revenue from existing customers got it
nice one and then from there you mention
a bunch of points so bearing in mind
that full funnel approach around your
targeting who you want to Target what
you want to do with the ad campaigns and
how you can kind of build out that
strategy so can you dive a bit more into
to that side of things yeah so so step
number one is what is the goal like what
are you trying why are you running ads
in the first place so you always have to
start from your constraints in that
perspective from leadership so
leadership came to you or or if you're
the CEO or founder you've given yourself
a goal so what is that let's just use a
hypothe iCal um I'll use AC conv verion
as an example so we teach B2B marketers
how to skill ads with free courses
taught by different practitioners right
now we're actually in the process of
launching our first ad campaigns which
we're super thrilled about and for me I
was like okay my goal is I'm a new
startup I don't have a lot of cash I
want to drive as many registrations new
student signups possible in the lowest
cost uh and also be able to drive a lot
of brand awareness so we can make ad
conversion more known uh in terms of the
market
so my goal is just by that alone and the
way I I frame that statement I already
know that I'm going to be focusing on
capture and create in relation to those
five stages nothing that I just said
right there said hey I've got a lot of
existing uh students and I want to
activate them into our paid Community uh
or I want to take existing Community
students and put them in our referral
program and expand and drive more
Revenue through an expansion emotion
none of that right or in this case
because I'm I'm more product Le and not
sales Le instead ofate it would be
activate you would just change it so now
the goal is not to move deals faster
it's to activate free users into paid
users so that would be the motion there
um so anyways in my case in that example
I know I'm focusing on Create and
capture step one check so now step two
is where am I going to reach my ideal
customers so depending on how much
budget you have budget is just going to
dictate the amount of options you have
available less budget less op options
more budget more options so my I've got
a really small budget it's just 2K a
month to start so I got a lot of options
in terms of you know there's and in my
case I'm going after marketers so
they're everywhere so it's like all
these channels are a potentiality um
which is a blessing but also a curse so
for me I have to just like triple down
on one channel to start okay I've only
got 2K so I've got to go all in on one
channel to begin what's that channel
going to be in my case I actually just
did a poll uh to our community members
and I said hey guys guys we're going to
scale a channel from scratch where do
you want us to advertise and I gave them
options for you and business I wouldn't
recommend that because uh you know
there's certain channels are just going
to work better so in my case I'm just
kind of doing what the popularity wants
but for you where is the ideal Channel
like that you know with the most
confidence you can reach your ideal
buyer and you can get in front of them
in a cost- effective way so for most B2B
brands that means LinkedIn you're kind
of forced to start there because you
know you can get in front of them and
then you'll expand and in our case it's
actually going to be YouTube and we'll
be running YouTube ads to get in front
of our our Dream buyer so now once
you're clear on the channel then you
need to figure out okay how am I
actually going to measure success like
what does a leading kpi look like and a
lagging kpi so leading kpi is uh some
sort of feedback that you can get within
a seven to 14 day period so you can get
feedback really quickly so depending on
uh your situation that might look
different so for us with the the site
with YouTube ads it's going to be monit
monitoring our clickthrough rate our
view rate and then uh monitoring how
many people who come from the ads
actually go and visit our signup page
from the homepage that we be driving
them towards so those are like early
indicators of a leading signal and then
our lagging kpi is going to be actually
new student signups so how many people
actually signed up and then how many of
those people that signed up actually
went through our onboarding so they're
an onboarded sign up so that'll be our
lagging signals so then once you're
clear on how you're going to measure it
the next step is actually figuring out
the audience component so what types of
targeting are going to you're going to
be using so if you have a buyer Persona
this is where this is really helpful
what you want to do is you want to take
your buyer Persona and now you want to
convert it into what I call an ad
Persona and an ad Persona is exactly the
same thing except now you're going to
list out exactly how you're going to
reach that buyer Persona given the
available options in that channel so for
us on YouTube that's going to look like
remarketing audiences that's going to
look like uh customer list to start in
the future going to be contextual
keywords and then custom segments and
then lastly once you're clear on that is
what are you going to actually offer
them uh so in our case it's uh it's
going to be our Google ads courses our
LinkedIn courses and then we're going to
just try uh promoting the academy as a
whole so those are the three different
angles we're going to touch on um I know
I went through all that super fast so I
hope it
landed no that's a lot that's that's
awesome that's a lot of lot of info and
that's going to be super useful for
folks tuning in so to recap Step One is
basically choosing the goal
from the framework that you mentioned
earlier so create capture accelerate
revive and expand and choose which of
those are going to be relevant so I
guess like you said depending on the
motion of your business whether it's
kind of a product Le approach sales Le
approach or something different
depending on your offer your service
your product um and then who so in your
case it sounds like you went to your
community and basically ask them where
where they would most likely to I guess
be receptive to ads not even it was
worse than that it was like uh Hey guys
we've got six channels we're thinking
about advertising on like which one are
you most curious to see how somebody
scales it from scratch and see so it's
was just like a popularity popularity
contest on like what they wanted to see
so we're kind of coming out at a deficit
because YouTube is actually a much
harder channel to make work than like
meta or or even LinkedIn but but we got
this no I agree YouTube is is hard to
crack but then at the same time isn't
isn't the ad or the ad budgets and
spends slightly less compared to others
is that still the case it's much cheaper
yeah 100% And then you're only charged
if somebody watches 30 seconds of your
video which is awesome so like the
amount of branding that you can do is
incredible nice cool and then I suppose
on that point to dive a bit deeper into
who is there any any tips you'd advise
for folks that maybe don't have a access
to customer a pool or Community quite as
as easily as as perhaps we do on how
they can tap into what might be relevant
for for where their prospects are going
to be hanging out yeah so I would the
first thing I would say is to if you if
you're in this situation where you don't
know where you're prospects hang out
online then that means you're probably
like at the very very early stages of
getting your startup off the ground and
what I would do is I would study your
competitors that are getting in front of
your ICP or relevant brands in other
industries that are also getting in
front of your ICP like where are they
most active like Which social media
profiles and platforms are they actively
trying to grow there's probably some
positive correlation there hey they're
active on LinkedIn and they're
constantly posting they're actually
trying to grow their profile here um
maybe that's because they're actually
getting business because their ICP is
here you could even take it a step
further if you got a lot of time in your
hands and look at the types of people
reacting to their posts and you can see
especially if it's LinkedIn it's even
easier hey are these the right kind of
folks depending on my product or service
that's ways for you to validate this uh
and then lastly is if you don't have the
data yourself you could go to thirdparty
data providers and then you can
basically export a list and then you can
take that list and then you can upload
that list as a customer list into these
different platforms and then they'll
give you insights on the people within
those lists like for example with
Facebook ads and then you can start to
get some ideas of like um is this can I
reach these people like are they the
right fit Etc so even if you don't have
that data yourself you could go buy it
and then leverage it um as like a as a
starting point nice yeah yeah makes
sense um and then Channel I know you
said from a B2B perspective LinkedIn
probably makes the most sense no mention
of Google but is that because we're
trying to create awareness around the
problems we solve rather than capture
direct market demand or yeah so we're if
we're talking about capture the capture
stage then 100% that's where Google
Reigns Supreme create you can but it's
just not as easy and it's not the
strength of the channel because even
like within Google ads you can run
content campaigns so content campaigns
are great uh to support your SEO efforts
so it's essentially whatever that
keyword is that your SEO team is trying
to rank for organically but they're you
know it's going to take three six months
whatever it might be to get there you
can in the meantime you can just buy
that keyword and pay to show Up when
somebody is searching that query and
then drive them to that piece of content
that you're trying to rank for
organically but even that it's like to
reach net new people it's it can be a
challenge so that's typically why you
see Google more so in the capture stage
but you could technically if your
strategy is like content and you taken a
different approach and you're really
trying to focus on that affinity and
trust you could bucket it in the create
stage and that's actually a good point
it's like at the end of the day it's not
what you do but it's how you do it and
by having a framework you can start to
think about how you're going to break
the rules and then reconstruct them
based on your unique
situation yeah and I feel like another
thing we should talk about is you
mentioned in your case which is a nice
example and I'm probably at a similar
stage like we both a quite early stage
businesses myself with breaking B2B
yourself with ad conversion we don't
have a ton to dump into ads each and
every month like some of our giant
competitors especially in the B2B
marketing world so how should B2B
marketing folks or Founders that are
probably in similar spots especially
small marketing teams of two or three in
house that have maybe just been given a
few grand a month to to do all their
marketing like any tips for them so they
can think kind of I've got I don't know
three to 5K to yeah for sure hit the ads
like how can I make sure that this cash
is working as hard for me as possible
based on where we're at step like the
step number one is amplify the efforts
in which you're already doing so if you
have no money that means you usually
have time so if you don't have the money
for ad budget that's probably means
you're reinvesting in content trying to
get that that flywheel going organically
and you already know that's working to a
certain extent hopefully and you know
you're getting positive signals so the
the easiest next best step is you want
to amplify your organic efforts so what
that looks like in practice is you're
already reaching that new people through
organic make sure you continue to stay
in front of them with ads so that's
retargeting retar targeting is going to
allow you now so when somebody goes to
your website or they interact with your
post you retarget them with more content
that you've already created that they
would probably like and find valuable
and then even better if you can also
sprinkle in some social proof so now
they're hearing from other people saying
how great you are and then you can even
make some direct offers asking them to
take a demo or sign up for a product
whatever your thing might be but
remarketing is fantastic because it
doesn't require a lot of budget and if
you're just starting out that means you
don't have a big marketing audience in
the first place which means you could
spend like 30 bucks a day and in the
eyes of the people the 3 500,000 people
in that very small audience they're
going to see you as like the biggest
thing in the world but in reality you're
just really big to a very small group of
people and that's like a really easy
next step and especially in B2B staying
top of mind is half the battle like it's
crazy like I have a client that's in the
government space and they have a 36
Monon sales cycle 36 months so it's like
just staying in the consideration set is
literally more more than the battle so
just retargeting is like an easy way for
you to do that that's I would say start
there uh the next place where you want
to go is now you want to go on the hunt
so now you want to do some create
campaigns you want to do some
prospecting so this is where you can
take your best content that you already
know performs well organically and now
take that content and push it out to
this net new audience uh of people that
are have not stepped into your universe
so in practice like that campaign you
would have exclusions of anyone that's
part of your marketing audiences and you
only want to reach like the cold of the
cold right like the the new of the new
like they don't know you exist they
don't even they probably don't even know
they have a problem in the first place
so you should cater your message
accordingly and now what you're doing is
you're stacking on your success and your
wins versus hey I'm doing this one thing
here on the organic side and now I'm
doing this completely different thing on
the ad side and it has no integration
with anything else that I'm doing and if
you do that what happens with most
brands is you continue to operate in
that frame and you end up with a bunch
of different Silo variations and
functions throughout your business so
this is where you from the very
beginning you can start to stack on what
you do versus constantly having to build
new in different areas love it love it
so maybe we can give quite a Time able
example because myself we we get a
decent amount of inbound from LinkedIn
organic but I've never really tried
thought leader ads so my plan from
basically December like the time of
recording When November 2024 so from
December in 2025 onwards I'm planning to
do a mix of some of the top of funnel
content bottom of funnel content that
drives inquiries for us at breaking B2B
and amplify that were paid and we'll be
in a similar spot we'll be like I don't
know one to 2K dollars ads spend per
month
roughly but I'm I suppose my query and
this might be relevant for some folks as
well is like how much do you think of
that I should go to retargeting folks
that have potentially Hot Prospects that
have been on the site as opposed to
perhaps making a small pool of net new
dream accounts that fit our ideal client
profile list and serving them of it's a
great question uh first thing is just
build the audience in LinkedIn ads once
you just build the audience in LinkedIn
ads it's going to give you much better
understanding of what is real versus
what's Theory so by just creating the
audiences you'll already see how big it
is so like let's say you create the
audience and then you're like like
organically you're probably getting some
good hits but if you haven't created
those remarketing audiences yet on
LinkedIn then it's only now moving
forward that is being counted it's not
retroactive so you're kind of at a
disadvantage there which is always a pro
tip for everyone like even if you're not
planning on running ads yet build that
audience as fast as humanly possible and
install that pixel so when you are ready
you already have this massive group of
people versus now if you haven't done
that you have to wait you know kind of
go through that period so if you haven't
done that then I can already guarantee
you're not going to be able to spend 80%
on remarketing um but that would be the
first step is like just build the
audience see how big it is and then from
there you'll you'll know like for
example if it's less than 3,000 you're
barely going to crack 15 25 bucks a day
maybe so it's like you're probably going
to still have a lot of surplus left over
for your prospecting efforts but to make
it simple I would say put as much of
that budget as you can on retargeting to
begin so for that 2K 3K whatever that
budget is once you start to actually
launch the campaigns and you see hey I
could spend the whole 2K on retargeting
then start there and then just do a
better job on organic getting more
people into your system and then in the
future once you get more opportunities
more Revenue you expand your budget now
you can allocate budget towards reaching
that new folks but retargeting again
it's really the thing that's going to
allow you to stay omnipresent and then
now as you're continuing to create more
content it's just going to give you
opportunities to just make sure that
they actually saw it versus just be you
know be uh benevolent to the LinkedIn
ads algorithm and hope they saw it right
this will guarantee that they actually
do yeah yeah yeah and I I think it's
this is timely advice this is timely
Sound Advice especially as LinkedIn
organic as that is one of the main
channels in B2B being the biggest social
network it's getting tougher and tougher
to get organic reach it's certainly from
my perspective anyway compared to say a
year ago year and a half two years ago
one of the the big mindset shifts for
people is just understand that like all
ads is is it's guaranteed distribution
that's it ads are guaranteed
distribution you want to guarantee
someone see something you could go to
LinkedIn you can give them some money
and in exchange they'll give you that
exposure and at the end of the day all
of these platforms are the same just
look at Tik Tok look at Instagram back
in the day they start off giving you
Exane amount of reach they invite all
the creators to the platform they
incentivize growth they give you
virality then what happens is they start
to monetize they roll out ads they start
to dwindle down the amount of reach
eventually they start to increase the
amount of placements in their platform
they dwindle down a granic reach even
more so ultimately you know the one
thing you can count on is these
platforms want your money and they will
always be willing to take your money in
exchange for distribution so if you can
Master ads and get really good at
leveraging this organic or this
guaranteed distribution to your favor
then you'll always be in control of your
business versus somebody else they build
their whole network their whole build uh
business off organic you know God forbid
the algorithm changes next month you're
screwed versus if you know how to use
ads and organic you're like a force to
be reckoned with
H great summary sir great
summary right let's get back into the
strategy before I took a tangent on
budgets so we were talking about picking
a channel which we covered then the next
stage you talked about was leading kpis
so in your YouTube ads instance you talk
about clickthrough rates views and then
folks going perhaps to your sign up page
but I'm guessing if your B2B sass or
service that might be like case study
page or pricing Pages or viewing some of
those High intent Pages or the demo page
or that kind of stuff I
guess yeah yeah exactly it'll it'll vary
but but the idea is like you know what
the leading looks like for you and you
know the lagging so then especially in
B2B if you're waiting on the lagging
like for some companies to get 10 demo
requests a month I mean that's rough so
if you have to wait that long to get
data to then optimize your ads it's just
not going to work out so instead by
having that leading signal that you can
get data within a 7 to 14 day period
then it's going to give you immediate
feedback to be able to know oh should I
pause this ad should I increase Budget
on this campaign and make these
necessary adjustments so that you can
ultimately get to where you want to go
got it are there any I guess telltale
signs that your ads are just not working
how you'd hope them and that you should
look to make changes sharpish and I
guess also with that part two of that
question is kind of time frames to
measure those things yeah so the way the
way I like to think about it is I always
say like the best advertisers think like
investors and they execute like
scientists so you want to have an
Investor's mindset when you when you're
run ads so uh just like investors right
like they have rules on when they buy
shares and when they sell so you know
the stock price goes up they sell if it
goes low they buy there's there's logic
that grounds their decision making and I
think as performance marketers media
buyers we should think the same way so
for us we have some rules that we follow
to help kind of ground our
decision-making and logic so for one of
them is what we call a non-performer
rule so if your ad spends 2 to 3x your
allowable Target whatever that is for
you pause it so for example if I want to
drive uh demo requests and I want to
drive demos at uh $100 a demo if my ad
spends $200 to $300 Max and it doesn't
generate a demo it gets shut off there's
no oh but I really like this ad you know
I spent lot of time on it it's so
beautiful you know what I mean like
there's no bias it it works or it
doesn't it gets killed and you move on
with your life and you you go to the
next iteration so that's like one
example of of a rule to kind of ground
your decision-making and like simple
rules like this help you kind of get a
little bit more logical now is it the
most statistically significant based on
sample size and all this no but it's
super practical and it will actually
help move your your experimentation
process forward like there's so many
people that are running the same ads for
months it's crazy and once they start to
move in this direction that I'm talking
about they'll realize like instantly how
many of their ads are getting shut off
and then the volume of creative testing
that you need to be doing in order to
actually hit the the numbers and The
Sweet Spot of where they are at
especially with LinkedIn because you
know you're getting in front of the
right person assuming you have your
targeting set up and then if you're just
not happy with the response you're
getting like the answer isn't then
try a new audience the answer is no I
need to become more compelling which
means test more
ads I like it I like the the thought of
setting a setting a limit for what
you're accepting as that conversion
Point whether it's a a demo a sign up a
booked call or something like that is
that very easy to set up if you're
serving folks like a mix of ads say like
informative or paino based at the top of
funnel and then as you move down serving
them case studies results testimonials
and driving them to that next next St is
that quite easy in theory to put
together yeah it's pretty
straightforward it's just a matter of
like number one deciding what is my
leading signal what is my lagging signal
and then just figuring out your
allowable cost per that thing if you're
just starting out and you have like no
starting point I would just say like ask
yourself like what is your maximum pain
threshold so like what is the most your
willing to accept to spend before saying
okay I'm not willing to spend a dollar
more and then you know you can use that
as a starting point but yeah you should
100% take like five minutes to just
think through this if you want to get a
little bit more um calculated with it
you can take your average steel size and
you multiply it times your uh your lead
to close one rate and then you can
figure out your break even cost per lead
and then you can use that as a starting
point so for example a few years ago
when I was at metadata I remember uh we
had this one client where they were
getting demos for like 1,200 bucks and
they were really unhappy with it because
they had another campaign that was
getting demos for like 500 bucks and
they were comparing all of the campaigns
against the 500 one and that's not
really fair because like not all
campaigns will perform equally and if
you only relied on the 500
one like the volume of demos would be
much lower because you only have that
one campaign and that one ad unit versus
really what you want is you want like
this collage of multiple campaigns
working your favor they won't all be at
the same level of Effectiveness but when
you look at how they perform as a unit
it's much more volume and it's much more
cost effective if that makes sense so by
having the break even number it's super
helpful because in that instance like
their Break Even cost per lead was like
$5,000 and they were getting demos for
500 and even that one campaign was
getting demos for 1,200 so it's a great
way to frame expectations I was like hey
wait a second you can spend twice as
much three times as much and still break
even and that's another Point too is
like all of these platforms prices will
inevitably rise like it's inevitable
like no matter what even on the Google
ad side if you optimize your quality
score you're setting cost caps all of
that is like delaying the inevitable
prices will rise and ultimately like Dan
Kennedy once said he's like he who can
spend the most to uh acquire a customer
ultimately wins which is very true so if
you want to become more aggressive and
more competitive and outspend your
competitors you're going to have to get
willing to accept like getting closer to
to that break even number because uh
that's what it's going to take you know
when that day comes so it's a good way
to frame expectations and also could be
used as a competitive Advantage because
your competitors are freaking out about
$500 cost per demos and they're not
willing to ramp up from a 10 to $20,000
budget but you are because you know the
long-term economics of it right and
you're willing to break even on the
front end so you can profit on the back
end I like it let me ask you this should
you have a good basis of or IC traffic
initially to make paid media a Sound
Investment I don't think so yeah no I
don't think so I think it's a matter
of I think it's a matter of what you're
trying to do and your confidence level
with paid like I've seen Brands start
from zero no like no brand presence no
organic traffic they had a really great
offer they were witty they knew how to
make good creatives good ads and then
they just went straight to like
cost-effective platforms like meta and
they ran ads on Instagram and Facebook
and they crushed it and they used that
to get like their starting point and
they accelerated the speed to go to
market really quickly um so if you have
the chops and you have the budget and
you're willing to to make the investment
then I think investing in paid early can
be great however if you don't have the
budget you don't have the skill set then
definitely you should start with Organic
and then kind of like dub tail into it
in the future like for us at AC
conversion the reason we didn't start
with ads straight away and we started
with Organic was because we didn't have
the budget you know like like if I had
the like only now I'm like finally you
know like we can run some freaking
ads but that was that was the the
constraint for
us yeah yeah and I I appreciate the
transparency and like I said we're we're
in a similar boat and I'm sure a lot of
folks tuning in will will be similar as
well so we've covered a lot of those
points we've covered audience earlier
and we covered a bit about retargeting
we talked about the kpis that you should
be looking at so I think the the next
point was the offer so I think it'd be
nice for you to share perhaps some
Frameworks perhaps without getting
platform specific but some general
breast practices when it comes to
putting an offer whether it is more
bottom of funnel top funnel or in the
middle so the the biggest thing with
your offer is you want to make sure it's
compelling and just because it's free
doesn't mean you don't have to sell it I
think that's a big thing and us for
example like we offer free courses by
like legit people and the quality is in
like exceptional we film it in a studio
and I haven't learned this lesson more
than anything with ad conversion because
even having free courses and all this
stuff like when I originally launched I
was like man I'm gonna make one LinkedIn
post everybody's gonna hear about this
and it's game over we're gonna have like
a thousand students in a week I couldn't
be more wrong like it's now that people
don't believe you like they're skeptical
they're like well if it's free it's not
really that good like you know there's
all this uh or oh yeah maybe maybe it's
that good but I don't have the time like
there's so many things going against you
so just number one understand like
you're GNA have to go to work like
making that offer compelling and don't
believe that just because you think it's
an an exceptional offer other people
actually understand that's an
exceptional offer so I would say start
from that frame number one then number
two once you understand that then get
creative so how can you make a a
traditional offer more compelling so if
we're talking about SAS the offers are
quite cons like they're quite defined
like a demo request is the primary offer
so now the question is how can I make my
demo request a much more compelling
offer one simple thing you can do is you
can add some sort of bonus for taking
the offer so for example you can give
somebody some sort of resource for
signing up for a demo like it's an easy
way to add additional value and make
your offer stand out a little bit more
um or what you can do is you can say you
can have uh tier of offers so for
example like if somebody's really in the
moment and there's a lot of pain they'd
be willing to sign up for a demo right
away but maybe they're not and if you
don't have H A Down sell in terms of
like an additional offer you can give
them then you're going to lose them so a
down sell from a demo request could be
instead of joining live to get a demo
what if they just watched an on demand
like demo walkth through that could be a
down sell that they can then opt into uh
or if they're not ready for that then
the ne what's the next best thing so
that's kind of like the the way I like
to frame it is like what's the next best
thing like in terms of where they are
now versus where they want to be and
then along that line what are the offers
that we can create and then how can we
make them super cool so that they can
actually be willing to get like opt in
and take advantage of them and that's
one of the biggest levers in paid today
and moving forward is offer optimization
everyone's so obsessed about like bid
strategies and audience functions and
all of the like nuances of the campaign
structure and of course that stuff
matters but it's like table stakes and
the people that are really dominating in
2024 and 2025 moving forward are the
ones that are obsessing about the
experience they're creating for the user
from the ad to the landing page to the
actual offer they're presenting because
when you have those three things working
for you you could have the most
campaign setup in the world and it's
still going to work out pretty
well I think that's not just good advice
for ads but good advice for business in
general like I'm as a business I'm
constantly trying to refine my offer the
mainu prods we sell from various
standpoints how easy are they to digest
do they hit pain points are they
competitive compared to our competitors
are the pricing models clear and simple
to understand is the time to value good
so just listenting like some of this
stuff like a lot of people's hit hit
slate Alex Orosi but I think for his
offer Frameworks they're actually solid
in my opinion grasping that concept like
so I learned this my first business was
a DJ business when I was in college okay
and I I learned about offers from Dan
Kennedy that's who I learned from
originally on the direct response side
and uh long story sh I went through like
one of his workbooks and he talked about
like creating an irresistible offer he's
like the OG I'm sure Alex got
inspiration from him but he like he
talked about the concept of resistible
offer and he's like you have to make it
so good that like they can't like they
can't say no and um with my DJ business
and like going back to your original
question like do Brands need to start
with Organic like I didn't like I just
started with ads and I was running
Google ads
and my offer was we show up on time or
you don't pay because I I realized like
that was a huge pain Point people were
scared that the DJ wouldn't show up for
the venue is crazy so I offered i i i
guaranteed against it I'm like if we
don't show up you don't pay and just by
doing that one thing and optimizing my
offer my ads converted like crazy I will
never forget my first lead that I got it
was um a kids Halloween party I got the
lead for $4 I mean this was like years
ago so Google was much cheaper and I got
the Le for $4 and it converted into $650
cash for 4 hours of work on the weekend
like I will never forget cashing that
check-in ever since that moment forward
like I've been obsessed with ads that's
a great story so definitely like the
offer is everything because that's how
you can go from being literally a group
of college kids who are broke to
rivaling other DJs in Miami where
everyone is a freaking DJ you
know have you got any tips for how folks
can build a good
offer but test it's going to hit before
they dump a load of cash into it like
you said we are all our worst enemies at
sometimes and our ego can get the better
of us we think we've got an awesome
offer that's amazing that's going to
pull dream clients in and be absolute
Gold Dust but then when we bring it to
Market it might flop um we might only
get one or two signups or calls or waste
a load of cash any any tips for testing
office going to hit well before we
invest a load of ads into it yeah th% so
um one really easy so there's levels to
offer testing so like the the first
level is just doing uh click through
rate testing so what you can do is you
can get create really simple ads like
quote-based ads and in the quote you
make your offers so you have your three
different offers let's say so ad one has
offer one ad two offer two ad three
offer three and it's a very basic ad I'm
talking like
uh solid color background and just like
a quote in the middle so it just
prominentes the offer statement and then
you get in front of your ICP and then
just based on the click-through rates of
which ones they're interacting with the
most you then double down on so that's
some way to get early feedback oh
variation to and like again these ads
look like but the idea is like you
just want feedback like what are people
responding to in terms of like these
these offer statements I'm making right
and then that's an really easy way for
you to just run a really really small
budget test to see oh this one is
resonating more let me double down on
that so that's like the first level the
second level is like actually creating
some sort of product around these
different offers uh so like in an info
product example but I think SAS Brands
could do this too although most people
hearing me right now will never do this
in SAS which I don't know why it works
is just create an ebook or a checklist
or something like really simple where
now you can get an opt-in so now you're
creating some friction in the process
and if like you're getting a lot of
responses on an ebook or an OP
like your playbook for example right
which is like what you do for Brands if
you would have started with that
Playbook first and you saw how well it
got traction and then you built an
agency around it that would have been a
way to validate that before building
team and infrastructure right so that's
like a way you can test it on a small
scale and then kind of build everything
else out on the back
end interesting we had I think it's the
episode before this we had a lady called
Julia who runs an
ABM company well actually a SAS based
ABM tool called
enrich but you know them so they she had
a great Theory because she actually
experimented with you know everyone on
and Linkedin basically slates that
ebooks don't work or white paper ads
downloads don't work so she experimented
with it and had tailored um ads for
those I think think it was part of a
retargeting campaign to their ABM list
and then they offered
them more of a useful asset so it was a
bit more tailored in the fact that the
SDR would then a bit more co-create or
make a custom version of a an asset or
an audit or an ebook that they'd spend
30 minutes creating but they had some
decent success like they booked a
profitable amount of sales calls and
demos from that and it just frustrates
me when linkedin's the main Channel were
hanging out right like so many marketers
seem to slate certain strategies but I
don't think they've actually thoroughly
tested them experimented with them
themselves they tried they've tried it
once or their mate said it didn't work
therefore it definitely doesn't work oh
my God yeah I'm trying not to rant but
yeah like 100% the amount of people that
are just talking out of their ass on
LinkedIn is is insane um one of the
things I love about like on the agency
side is we actually test like today we
have 118 documented experiments on
what's working what's not across like
the most mundane little things like I'll
give you one real example everyone shits
on manual bidding on Google ads like
they're like manual bidding is awful you
should never use it automated bidding is
life uh but there is one exception and I
can say this confidently because we've
ran it already like across like eight
different accounts and it's using manual
bidding for Branded search campaigns it
dominates it does so well like in every
test we've done across multiple
Industries it has proven to be the way
to go and now it's one of our best
practices so there's like so many little
things like that on small scales big
scales of like I always tell my team I'm
like everything is an opinion until you
have data to back it up as a fact so
when I hear things on LinkedIn or
someone says something I'm like oh
that's incredible like I'm gonna store
that idea and then I want to test
against it so I can formulate my own
understanding of it based on my
experience and my industry and my Nuance
because at the end of the day it's like
what I said earlier it's not what you do
but it's how you do it if I'm driving
ebook signups and and I haven't created
like a postf followup experience or the
ebook itself is not valuable yeah it's
probably not going to work like on the
flip side the way the way you should be
thinking about and I'm going on a
tangent here but like the way I like to
think about leads and downloads on like
ungated ver gated is every time you
download a lead or you get a lead to
sign up the way I like to think about it
is Imagine that's a loan you just took
out from the bank like I just went to
the bank of LinkedIn and I took out a
loan for $200 to acquire this lead and
now every day that loan is acing
interest that lead is acing interest so
when you start to think of it from that
perspective you realize it's not it's
about how you engage and nurture and the
experience you create for that
individual that just came into your
atmosphere it's not the ebook itself or
the demo or the webinar these are all
just tools and how you indoctrinate
someone into your
brand yeah that's a nice analogy that's
a nice way to think of it it's
I suppose it's taking that mindset in B
Tob isn't it that it's more of an
ecosystem and that most of us are
selling quite expensive Services
platform software or tools and there's a
lot of thought there's various folks in
the buying committee there's a lot of
stuff that's going to come come up in
their day-to- day and probably paying
for your service your offer your tool is
not their top priority yeah so if we can
find a way to break through the noise
and whatever channel that is is kind of
get stay top of mind and prove that we
are kind of a helpful trustworthy useful
vendor that has their interests at heart
as it's kind of those those fundamentals
it sounds like yeah it's always an
ecosystem even on the BDC side nothing
happens in isolation like the best and
the the top e-commerce brands also are
creating ecosystems the the best uh
e-commerce brands are investing in brand
so that they can charge higher prices in
you know very competitive spaces
you know at the end of the day buying on
any scale happens across multiple touch
points even in BTC where it's more
direct and the amount of touch points is
smaller if you really want to win you
should be thinking how can I create an
experience at scale an ecosystem at
scale that once somebody gets into this
world they don't want to
leave just want to finish up with some
your thoughts and recommendations around
creative we talked about it a little
just now which was a nice tip you gave
around testing offer messaging to see
which kind of resonates and gets the
best
response what should we be thinking at
from a high level if we're looking to
test out creatives and I'm sure we have
marketers tuning in thinking like for
example in LinkedIn do I go straight
into thought leader ads and kind of push
the stuff that's done best or do I go
into video do I go into kind of imagery
or text based post like what's what what
makes sense as a starting point I
suppose if we're talking LinkedIn uh for
sure thought leader ads is the best
place to start it it kind of gives you
the best of all three because with a
thought Leader Post you can use an image
you can use a video so you're covered
there or it can just be Tech based so it
has the most versatility it's also
responding the best in terms of
performance right now from what we're
seeing and in your case specifically Sam
it's the next best thing you're already
doing so much on your personal LinkedIn
like guaranteeing just taking that same
post and distributing it as an ad is
going to put you uh in a much better
place strategically so for most folks
listening on the LinkedIn side thought
leader ads is kind of like the best of
everything um for create specifically
and then even for capture you could
still use a thought leader ad format now
maybe it's not you it's a customer
saying how great you are and then
they're linking to your page for them
for you to sign up for a demo or get a
trial or something like this so thought
leader ads for sure I would I would
focus on as like a really good ad format
outside of that video content is really
powerful if you can scratch it like at
the end of the day you know with create
the goal is to build brand affinity and
Trust and there's nothing like video to
actually hear someone see them look at
their mannerisms that builds affinity
and Trust faster than an image and a
text post space uh post will so I would
say thought leader ad video then from
there I would say image and then uh
finally it would just be like text which
are like the text ads or even just like
a straightup thought leader ad in the
text format um and then getting a little
bit more tactical outside of the ad
formats is which I think is a little bit
more helpful of like okay I've decided
I'm going to use a video or I decided
I'm use an image now what right like you
launch the thing and you're just like
like that's the thing too like everyone
stresses the launch like there's so many
videos on YouTube of like how to launch
this campaign and how to do this and oh
yeah it's like that's all anyone talks
about but it's like okay you launched it
like now what do you do like how do you
make it better and then how do you take
it to the next level like you know that
that's where the real work comes in um
and going back to like what I said in
the like if you have your leading kpi
you have your lagging kpi that now
becomes your guide so let's just use
like a simple example uh I'm going to
use use Sam as an example okay I've got
my my post I boosted it as a thought
leader ad um on that post my goal is I
want people to DW like go and check out
my playbook so what I'm going to do is
my my leading kpi is going to be the
clickthrough rate on this post of like
how many people actually click through
to my actual landing page so they man
like landing page clicks and that click
through it that's the first one uh and
then the second one is going to be how
many people actually went to the site
and actually scrolled through and looked
around and visited certain key Pages
that'll be my second leading kpi then my
lagging one is how many people actually
signed up for the playbook in the first
place and then my other lagging kpi will
be how many people actually reached out
to me for a discovery call right so now
that makes the decision- making much
easier because now I'm not just looking
at like these random metrics in the ad
manager and just being like well my
dwell time is three seconds so think
that's good you know like it's kind of
like metrics without context isn't
helpful you know and if how it fits into
your strategy is ultimately what guides
the decision- making um and then in
terms of like improving the actual ad
itself and and improving the formats of
it what we like to do is the 3 C's so we
always recommend first testing Creative
Concepts so wildly different Creative
Concepts to begin so in your case you're
starting from zero I would test three
very unique Creative Concepts so like
one might be uh a thought leader ad with
a video the other one might be a thought
leader ad with a meme the other one
might be a thought leader ad with an
image and then you test these three
different Creative Concepts and then you
see hey what works what resonates what's
better that will usually drive a much
greater lift in the short term versus
testing the same image three different
variations with just different copy
which leads us to the next point which
is copy now that you figured out the
concept let's say you notice like hey
before and afters resonate really well
with my audience you can lean into that
and now you can test different
variations of copy short for form versus
long form uh direct statement versus
open hook like all these different
things and you go down that rabbit hole
and then finally if it's applicable
depending on the ad format now you can
test different colors hey is green
better than red uh if I use this this uh
these figma file or figma elements does
that make a better difference than this
and like all that minutia but testing
the concepts first and then the copy
will drive a much better impact than hey
if it's red or
green appreciate it that's that's very
tactical and very actionable steps so
with that we've just about hit time so
it really was a master class Sylvia I
really appreciate you breaking these
down into to fundamentals and putting
them in a simple format so myself and
and the rest of the audience can pick
these up and put them into play for
their ad campaign so with that please do
tell us more about ad conversion the
best way for folks to learn more about
your community your agency and and the
best way to get in touch yeah so if you
guys want to connect with me just reach
out to me on on LinkedIn just search
Sylvio Perez and then ad conversion is a
digital advertising Academy and agency
so we teach BB marketers how to skill
ads with free courses taught by
different practitioners so we've got
courses on Google ads uh 101 102 103
beginner intermediate Advanced and they
all build on each other so first you
learn how to launch then you learn how
to optimize then you learn how to scale
we've got Google we've got LinkedIn uh
we've got other courses there as well
and we've got uh seven other courses
that are still in production uh being
fin finalized so we have a bunch of
content on the way and like I said it's
free so you sign up once and you get
access to all of those then we also have
a community which is paid where you can
get started for seven days for free and
then it's just a dollar a day where now
you can ask questions join masterminds
uh get access to like additional
templates and tools and uh just connect
with with other
experts Legend appreciate the breakdown
sir we'll put all of those links below
and thanks once again for sharing your
wisdom my pleasure thanks for having me
cheers man and as always if you enjoyed
today's episode why not join the
accompanying newsletter to join
thousands of Legends getting their
unusual B2B marketing tips insights
strategies and podcast releases head
over to breaking bb.com and hit that
newsletter Tab and with that I want to
thank you the audience for tuning in we
should catch you on the next one cheers